"Mr. Lan?"

Lan Zhan is absolutely overwhelmed, but the woman approaching him looks competent and he's very, very glad for that fact.

"I'm Doctor Whitaker.  This has been a very exciting couple of days for us."

"You said...on the phone..."

"Yes.  Follow me in to the Resurrection Unit, please, we can speak more comfortably there."

He follows, trying not to fidget with impatience.  If he's here, if he's back, he wants--he *needs*...

She leads him in to an office decorated in muted colors and soothing, impersonal floral artwork,
"Please, have a seat.  Would you like any refreshments?  Water, tea?"

"No," he's feeling rude, impatient, and utterly unlike himself, "Thank you.  You said...Wei Ying?"

"Yes," she opens a folder on her desk and hums softly, "Twelve years?  That's quite a long time."

"Mn," his hands clench around the armrests and he tries very hard not to demand she explain herself, the call, how Wei Ying could possibly be back.

"And you share a son?"

"Yes."

"That caused us some confusion as to who to contact, I must say.  His brother or his...partner?"

"Friend."

"He appeared at 4:35 p.m. Friday evening, but he didn't wake up until this morning--that's perfectly normal, by the way.  He's complained of some minor body aches and suffered from some nausea--again, perfectly normal.  He's likely to sleep more than usual over the next 24-48 hours, there's a fair amount of adrenaline that comes with resurrection, so be careful not to let him overexert himself.  Some confusion and disorientation is completely understandable, he's lost twelve years, of course, so be patient.  He's healthy, hydrated and conscious.  Do you have any questions for me?"

"I...how?"

"We don't get much information, I'm afraid.  The note said administrative error, nothing more."

"Mn.  Can I...see him?"

A wide smile and she's standing,
"Of course.  Right this way."


"Ooh, Nurse Nancy is it time for my spongeba-" It's Wei Ying's voice, a little weak perhaps, but it's Wei Ying and Lan Zhan feels lightheaded for a long moment.  The source of the voice has turned to look at the newcomers, and his eyes are wide, "Lan Zhan."

"Wei Ying."

"Let's get you a chair," says Doctor Whitaker, pulling over a rolling chair because Lan Zhan looks like he might just pass out.

"I...uh.  Surprise?  I don't really understand it either, but. Hi?  Um.  They said...they said twelve years?"

Lan Zhan nods, pressing his lips tightly together.

Wei Ying rubs at his nose self-consciously, 
"Ha ha, looks like that trip to 7-11 turned out a little longer than I expected."

The motion, combined with the attempt at humor, absolutely breaks something inside of Lan Zhan and he feels his eyes overflow.

"Oh, oh shit. Lan Zhan-" he scrambles to get up, legs tangled in the thin hospital blanket.  Lan Zhan  rises, puts a hand on his shoulder,

"Wei Ying.  It is all right."

"You're-"

Doctor Whitaker appears with a box of kleenex and then quietly backs away, apparently well used to this reaction.

"Lan Zhan.  Fuck, I'm sorry--"

"Do not apologize.  You're back, these are...tears of happiness."


"I apologize for the clothes, I did not have much that I thought would fit you."

"I've worn way worse, and you know it."

"Mn."

"Besides, beggars can't be choosers. I'm guessing it's not like someone kept all my stuff on the off chance I'd be resurrected a decade later."

"We will go shopping."

"Shopping with Lan Zhan, a dream come true," he says around a yawn, "Sorry. You're not boring me, I promise.  I'm just really tired since. You know."

"Mn.  Doctor said it was normal."

"Finally, a valid medical reason to laze in bed all day."

Lan Zhan stops the car at a red light and looks adoringly over at Wei Ying.  Wei Ying is still scrubbing yawn from his eyes and scratching the collected stubble on his jaw, not paying attention.
"It was winter, right? I know my memory sucks, but there was an...ice storm?"

Lan Zhan returns his focus to the road as the light changes,
"Mn."

"A-Yuan was grumpy and in need of a nap, but he wanted cookies first--oh shit, Lan Zhan.  Twelve years!"

"A-Yuan is sixteen."

"Six*teen*?!" Wei Ying stares, wide-eyed and stunned, out the window, "Sixteen.  Jesus.  Remember when we were sixteen?  Oh my God, please tell me he's a you-at-sixteen and not a me-at-sixteen."

"He...often reminds me of you."

"Is that good or bad? I can't tell."

A small smile,
"It is good."




"You are unwell."

Wei Ying looked up from where he was half-laying against the doorframe and gave Lan Zhan a wan smile,
"I'm fine.  Bad pizza rolls or something, it'll pass."

Still, he grunted as he stood and staggered in to Lan Zhan's dorm room.

"Have you been hydrating?"

"Kinda?  Uh, keeping stuff down is not really happening but I did at least drink half a Pedialyte I found in the hangover fridge."

"Insufficient.  I will make you a smoothie."

"Cool, I'm gonna lay here and think not-dying thoughts."

"Begin studying, I will join you."

"Studying, not-dying thoughts," Wei Ying amended, flopping to an awkward sprawl on Lan Zhan's sofa and giving him a thumbs up that would've been more reassuring if he wasn't quite so pale.

Pulling his textbook from his messenger bag took a colossal amount of effort, however, and he finally just huffed in defeat, book half-in and half-out of his bag, feeling like roadkill.  He contemplated just falling asleep--Lan Zhan will wake him, anyway--when a cool hand landed on his forehead,

"You have a fever."

"It's fine."

"Do you want mango?"

Wei Ying gagged, closing his eyes and breathing heavily for a long moment,
"You can put whatever you want in it as long as you don't actually mention it to me."

"I do not think that this is food poisoning."

"It's fine.  I swear.  I eat garbage, anyway, it was bound to happen eventually, right?"
